Cockpit 207 (#284)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2019-11-13-cockpit-207.md

---
title: Cockpit 207
author: kkoukiou
date: 2019-10-30
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-207
category: release
summary: Cockpit with authentication and storage page improvements
comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We
release regularly.

> ### Cockpit's web server now accepts EC certificates

Reviewer: Let's drop the "now" from the headings: "Web server: Accept EC certificates"

> The /etc/cockpit/ws-certs.d` directory can now contain

Reviewer: Missing the initial ` here

> the web service should use, simply drop a file with the extension .cert in the `/etc/cockpit/ws-certs.d` directory.

Reviewer: That's a little ambiguous -- *all* certificates need to end in .cert. Maybe

The /etc/cockpit/ws-certs.d` directory can now contain [ECC] certificates in addition to the classic RSA ones.

> the web service should use, simply drop a file with the extension .cert in the `/etc/cockpit/ws-certs.d` directory.

Reviewer 2: OK, this is kind of klunky due to the sentence construction. It's not wrong, but it's hard to parse.

Drop has multiple meanings. The cert has ECC, but that's happenstance for putting a cert in that directory, right?

What about something like this?

```suggestion
Use a certificate with [Elliptic Curve Cryptography](https://wiki.openssl.org/index.php/Elliptic_Curve_Cryptography) by copying the certificate file into the `/etc/cockpit/ws-certs.d` directory. Make sure the certificate file has the `.cert` extension.
```

Please feel free to correct or riff off what I typed above. :wink:

(This suggestion won't merge cleanly, as the paragraph is split into two lines instead of relying on editor wrapping. This is one of the reasons we want to use auto-wrap for Markdown files in the repo.)

Author: @martinpitt  has posted another suggestion, I will use his since he wrote the feature better than all since he wrote that.

> ### Storage: All Software Devices will be listed now in a single panel

Reviewer: "List all software devices in a single panel"

Reviewer 2: I guess with the prefix, like:

"Storage: List all software devices in a single panel"

...right?

Reviewer: Perhaps add a rationale with a condensed variant of the https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit/pull/11809 description? Maybe "This avoids showing empty panels for types of devices that you don't have".

![Storage software devices](/images/storage-software-devices.png){:.screenshot}

### Redesigned notifications

This release of Cockpit features a new notification design.

> The new design corresponds to the [alert component from PatternFly 4](https://pf4.patternfly.org/components/Alert/examples/).

Reviewer: To avoid repetition: "new notification design, which corresponds to .."?

![Alert firewall](/images/alert-firewall.png){:.screenshot}
![Alert ipv4 settings](/images/alert-ipv4-settings.png){:.screenshot}

> ![Alert diagnostic report](/images/alert-diagnostic-report.png){:.screenshot}

Reviewer: I know you are proud of this (and you should be), but maybe one or two are enough :grin:

Author: Hehe sorry

### Try it out

Cockpit 207 is available now:

 * [For your Linux system](https://cockpit-project.org/running.html)
 * [Cockpit Source Tarball](https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit/releases/tag/207)
 * [Cockpit Fedora 30](https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/updates/FEDORA-2019-a460236814)

>  * [Cockpit Fedora 31](https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/updates/FEDORA-2019-0667dd1786)

Reviewer: I recommend XXXXing the URLs for now, as we don't have them yet. Makes it more obvious that they still need to be changed.
